So basically, as you’re aware
We have a new bonus scheme, therefore will need to change all the entire dashboard. How are we gonna do this so we have retained files which was a file on a cancellation request which should be submitted on the sheet that I would provide for you which is gonna be including the cancellations and the retained files that was in a cancellation request or canceled status so these files will be counted as retained, and the files which include the notes cancel will be counted as cancel that’s for the first part so all CS internal CS retention and an NSF could have these files OK because all of them will be counted almost the same as you saw in the bonus scheme second thing the fixed files which was a file that has the status of NSF or invalid banking so these files were basically fixed files and should be counted as fixed files so we’re going to put them as fixed files which any file that is in the back end submission, which is the sheet that also gonna provide to you the second one these a files and third thing is the ID B fixed or retained clients should be counted as retained deal, including the first one these were files that has the active status, but they were retained because the customer wanted to cancel, and it was handled. This should be counted as a retained file and lasting as the IDB handled file files, which is a file that we just talked with the customer casually. He asked the question or wanted an update and he was submitted on the IB handled so this is a separate sheet. I’m gonna provide for you so I’m gonna provide you with four submission things the first submission I’m gonna call it the retention submission, which should include retained files and canceled files. The second thing I’m gonna provide you with IDB cancel files so this should be the retained file files for like clients who wanted to cancel, but they were returned, so this is all social counter has retained. and then we go to the third sheet, which is the fixed files and the file on the sheet should be counted as fixed for the agent, and finally the ID to be handled which it’s ID to be handled so I want you to go through all of this of these data through all of these sheets because all of these sheets should include me numbers, which should be 100% accurate because this is money. This is people’s money. It’s like 1 million million dollars in investment so we need to be super super active and super precise when it comes to these files so for the retention team, basically gonna give you the list to include them like you already have the list of the active people so this should be included in inactive people also should be included, but basically inactive people we wouldn’t count the routines all of them like inactive people is a very complicated story. just count everything for them as well normally but when we set the status as inactive on attendance, hide them from the dashboard and to unhide them, I have to set them. I have to click it and hide it again from the dashboard itself so now I also want a new tap, called back and analytics. for different submission files and in a different app that’s all I’m gonna share with you. The sheets now.



I also need you to add a filter with team members so every time we add or remove a member from the dashboard I don’t have to text so basically I need a filter in each team and each step retention and Saif and internal CS so whenever I put that filter on, for example I put a filter for Kevin that he is in customer service or an NSF is currently an NSF. I want this filter to be implemented on the calls and on the submissions or the files fixed, etc..

So one last time all of them have four submission type retained files cancel files for retention ID be handled IDB cancel retained and fixed files using the filter that we mentioned before I filtered the agents I filtered them by agent names to show in which team